# Greg_Pence_Contributions
This is an analysis of Greg Pence's campaign contributions between 2016 and 2021
In this analysis I use information from the FEC to look at the total contributions given towards Greg Pence's Campaign. I was able to see that 40% of Greg Pence's campaign contributions came from Indiana, while the other 60% came from outside of the state. The starting  date for the contributions was 01/01/2016 and the ending date was 12/12/2020. In this four year time period Greg Pence has raised over $4 million dollars for his campaign. The Indiana 6th Congressional district is a predominantly Republican District which raises the questions as to why Greg Pence is raising so much money for a congressional district that he sure to win? 
My analysis has shown me so far that several Billionaires have contributed to Greg Pence's Campaign.
The first Billionaire is Stephen Schwarzman. Schwarzman is the CEO of the Black Stone Group in New York and is reported to be worth over $16 billion. Stephen and his wife Christine have spent $22,000 on Greg Pence's Campaign. 
The second Billionaire that I found was John Catsimatidis. John is the owner and CEO of Gristedes Foods, and is also the CEO of the United Refining Company. He is worth about $2.8 billion. John and Margo, his wife, have spent a combined $18,900 on Greg Pence's Campaign.
The third Billionaire is Charles Schwab. Charles R. Schwab is the founder and chairman of the Charles Schwab Corporation. He is worth over $8.8 billion and has contributed $8,500 to Greg Pence's Campaign. 
The Fourth Billionaire is Darwin Deason. Darwin is an American Investor who is worth $1.3 billion. He and his son Doug, who is worth over $500 million, have contributed a total of $8,200. 
The fifth billionaire that I found while conducting my analysis was Faith Ozmen. Ozmen is the Owner and CEO of the Sierra Nevada Corporation and is worth $1.2 billion. Faith and his wife Eren have contributed a total of $17,600 to Greg Pence's campaign.
There are many more contributions that can be seen throughout the analysis, but these were the names that stuck out the most. 
The counties within Indiana's 6th congressional district have some of the highest poverty rates and overdose deaths in the state. 
I did this analysis to not only show who owns our politicians, but to also show the difference between politicians and normal citizens. It does not matter whether or not someone is a Republican or Democrat. What matters is whether or not the politician representing the people can tell its citizens with good faith that they are uncorruptable and that they are for the every day American. 
Donald Trump ran on the idea that politicians were corrupt and part of the establishment due to billionaires being entangled within our democratic system. Greg Pence is the older brother of Mike Pence, the Vice President of the United States, and as can be seen through this analysis of campaign contributions, Greg Pence is apart of the establishment. He has taken tens of thousands of dollars, if not more, from billionaires across the United States to become a representative of a heavily red district.
Greg Pence ran against Jeannine Lee Lake in 2018 and 2020. In 2020 alone Lake had over $140,000 in campaign contributions running for congress. Pence, on the other hand, already an incumbent, had raised over $1 million dollars just in the year 2020. 
I do not wish anything more than for people to understand who owns their politician. 
